foreign
passages
the back of the throat and finally out
the nostrils
breathing in two
three four
breathing out
two three four
breathing in one two
three four
one two three four
four
reading any
one two three four
leading up
one
two three four
breaking your hands into namaskar
let us join together
invoking
the Great
energy
the energy of Lord Ganesha that can
break through all the Karma Seeker
in the world
okay
breaking through the
inertia
Newtons
[Music]
foreign
say hello welcome back to Saturday
[Music]
foreign
dollars
[Music]
foreign
[Applause]
some jelly
that is very exciting up here we're
having a wonderful time in yoga it's
just me calling the fight we're all very
excited
they're thousands together
what's it called him so come back to me
as joy and use him
also
for the old ancient science but no time
in Liberty throughout the country
outside
[Music]
to eat a
very beautiful moment in an inches of
teeth and all this very close to being
excited this great culture just let us
carry his enthusiasm into 180 degree
tonight
a real way of life
thank deepen our knowledge of the
ancient science and truly changed
and Indonesians wanted us to live It's
like because now I'm not sure because
what he gets down at the appointed
childhood people always alive all doing
the same thing as all the Ministers of
our country all the leaders of our
country talking about yoga yoga yoga
[Music]
political leaders so if you reach
everyone off of that
maybe here comes but if you hold me now
to retire
it's really confusing to see him and all
the three reasons of the country
about the open practice to build a
that all these people living in life
leave me
immediately
[Applause]
and may we all have a great day today
thank you Mom
we'll start the first part
let's move
and then we'll continue going into the
protocol as we already have practiced
yeah okay
the prime minister of the Republic of
India
is Excellency
and I invite him to address yourself Mr
Prime Minister it was a historic day
when prime minister Narendra Modi
addressed the United Nations General
Assembly the world decided to honor the
Glorious practice of yoga by giving it
former International recognition
foreign
yo man machine
which are vakarma
Siam
ese
[Music]
Yes master
of
throughout all the body tightly or jerk
of the body
before the practices according to your
own capacity
end the session with deep silence
Shanti part
food or a bath may be taken will be 20
to 30 minutes after practice
welcome to the world of York
[Music]
oh
December
foreign
[Music]
by today
the arms of the waist
hexane
and then it folds slowly and try to
touch the chin to the chest
inhale move the head as far back as is
comfortable
and come back with inflation
right and left make baking
exhale bend the head slowly to the right
bring the ear as close as possible to
shoot
in bring the head to normal position
exhale bend the head to the left side
inhale
bring the head up to normal position
right and left twisting
exhale gently turn the head to the right
side so that the chin is in line with
the shoulder
[Music]
into the normal position
exhale
turn the head to the left side
inhale and bring the head to the normal
position
bend the head forward trying to touch
the chin to the chest
inhale
slowly rotate the head clockwise
while coming down exhale
rotate the head in anti-clockwise
Direction
[Music]
feel the stretch around the neck and
loosening up of the joints and muscles
of the neck and release of tension in
the neck
people with neck pain and Spondylitis
should do the practice gently
[Music]
trunk twisting
keep the legs about two feet apart raise
both the arms up to chest level with the
Palms facing each other
exhale
the body towards the right side so that
the left palm touches the right shoulder
come back with inhalation
now exhale
towards the left side
so that the right arm touches the left
shoulder
come back with
repeat
do
don't sleep with breathing
avoid this practice in case of vertebral
and disc disorders and during
menstruation
relax in standing posture
means
lift your arms up at the shoulder leg
exhale penguins and bring down your body
to the spotting position
inhale
repeat two more times
this patches strengthens the knees and
hip joints avoid this in case suffering
from acute arthritis exhale while
Bringing Down the hands
now let us move to you yogasra
[Music]
tadas means palm tree
keep your feet to inches apart
interlock fingers
and turn the wrist outwards
even
raise the arms up and bring them in line
on the shoulders raise the heels off the
floor and balance on the toes
stay in this position for 10 to 15
seconds
this Asana brings stability in the body
helps to clear up congestion of the
spinal nerves correct quality
of the feet two inches apart
focus on a point in front
exhale bend the right leg and place the
foot on the inside of the level five
the heel should be touching the perine
inhale and extend the arms up
and join the Palms
stay in this position for 10 to 15
seconds and breathe normally
this improves neuromuscular coordination
endurance and alertness
avoid this practice in case of arthritis
and
exhale and bring the arms and right foot
down
[Music]
muscle bend the left leg and place the
foot on the right arm the heel should
touch the perineum
inhale
extend the arms up
enjoying the Palms
[Music]
means hand
in your slurry and raise the arms up
stretch out the body from your waist
exhale and Bend forward until the entire
Palm rests on the ground
I'm gonna tell you this final posture
for 10 to 30 seconds
yes
[Music]
the position
and stretch the arms above
it please
stop this position in Reverse forward
[Music]
exhale
drop the head backwards stretch the neck
muscles and bend backwards from the
lumbar region
relax with normal breathing stay there
for 10 to 30 seconds
makes the spine flexible and strengthens
the spinal nerves
and improves breathing capacity
inhale
and slowly come up and relax
hypertensive patients
[Music]
slowly Bend to the right side and place
the right hand just behind the right
foot
the left arm straight up in line with
the right arm remain in this posture for
10 to 30 seconds with normal breathing
this prevents flat foot strengthens the
calf thigh and waist muscles makes the
spine flexible
as you inhale slowly come up
repeat for the left side
avoid this posture
in case of slipped disc
sciatica
and after undergoing abdominal surgery
do not go beyond your limits
[Music]
means further
sit erect with the legs stretched out
straight in front
keep the hands beside the hips this is
now to the suit of your feet together
exhale and clap stay here sometime
[Music]
keeps the body firm and stabilizes the
mind
now stretch your leg and come to Visa
avoid this practice
in case of severe arthritis and triatica
means cam
come to dandasa
foreign
touching
place the hands on the knees
this is
now let us start
in him
and Rhymes and stand on your knees
exhale
keep your arms on the hips
with fingers pointing downwards
keep the elbow and shoulder parallel
bend the head back and stretch the neck
muscles
inhale and build the front backwards as
much as is comfortable
exhale and relax this is the final
position
now this afternoon during abdominal
injuries vertigo and pregnancy
[Music]
means hair
spread both the knees wide apart
keep the toes touching keep the Palms
between the knees
exhale and slowly stretch the whole
length
training forward
place the chin on the ground
and keep the arms parallel
in front
and maintain the posture
this helps to reduce stress and family
inhale
[Music]
exhale
and come back to Madras
stretch your legs back to mix dramas
[Music]
patients with osteoarthritis could do
this with cold
means twisting
bend the right leg and place the right
foot beside the left knee bring the left
arm around the right knee and place the
Palm beside the right foot
exit twist the body and leg to the right
come to the main
[Music]
this awesome
in flexibility of the spine it helps to
overcome constipation dyslexia and in
the medical diabetes
repeat the same on the other side
[Music]
turn your heads back
take out your hands with excellent show
stretch your legs
now come back